Add `is.array` overload that supports asserting array items (#119)
sindresorhus/is: readme.md

#### Built-in types

> ##### .array(value, assertion)
> 
> Returns true if `value` is an array and all of it's items match the assertion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### .array(value, assertion?)

Returns true if `value` is an array and all of its items match the assertion (if provided).
```
